[MUSIC]
>> Now, what is DevOps?
Well, the funny thing about,
when you say,"What is DevOps,"
you ask 10 people what
DevOps is you're probably going
to get 20 different answers.
But at Microsoft, DevOps means
something very specific to us.
DevOps is the union
of people, process,
and products to enable
the continuous delivery of
value to our end-users.
Now, notice I said that
really, really carefully.
The reason why is because,
well one of them, that definition
was created by my manager.
So if I get that wrong [NOISE].
The other thing is
because every word of
that was designed very specifically.
The key is we want to continuously
deliver value to our end-users,
and this vital in today's world.
[MUSIC]